# Reflection

For this exercise, I built an AI powered outfit advice or “AI Style Assistant” feature for my Outfit Builder web application that gives a text-based outfit suggestions based on user input. I chose option A, implementing an AI feature using Ollama, because I found it would add a supplemental feature to my application that enhances user experience by providing them with a buddy option essentially, to help them build the outfit of their dreams. I was shocked at how easy it was to integrate the Ollama API into my application via Claude, and that it didn’t take much time for the assistant to understand what I wanted and how I wanted it to be done. Working with external tools usually intimidates me because it takes a lot of steps and messing up one prompt or configuration can break the whole setup, but it was quite easy surprisingly. The LLM behaved exactly how I thought it would, especially in the way its integrated into my web application. However, it does take longer than I thought to generate the outfit suggestion after the user puts in the prompt, I counted over 15 seconds, which could be frustrating for some users and something I would like to optimize in the future if possible. The suggestions themselves seem consistent to me but can be repetitive (i.e. always telling me to wear a white shirt). In running Ollama locally, it was straightforward, since I didn’t have to deal with API keys or service limits, again sometimes the performance takes some time depending on the model and my laptops limitation at the time. I used the llama3 model, as opposed to the mistral model, just to make sure everything was running smoothly locally. If I can, I would probably take the time to use mistral to see how it would change the experience of the LLM, if it would. If I had another week, I would want to extend the LLM feature so it can see the clothes the user has saved in their wardrobe and generate outfit suggestions based on both the prompt and available items, making the recommendations more personal and accurate. I even think giving the user the option to switch between using available items and general advice would be a great addition to the outfit builder. 
